This is a list of all the speakers which will appear under "Our Speakers".
They'll appear in the order that they're listed here.
Make sure to add new people below the line of 5 dashes.

The format must be exactly as follows:
/img/people/<image_file_name>
<Person's name>
<Potentially multi-line description...>
-

For example:
/img/people/rohan_peacock.avif
Rohan Peacock
Rohan Peacock is very cool.
He will talk about some very cool stuff.
You should buy a ticket to INUGSC to see this cool guy talk about cool stuff.
-

Make sure you include the single dash after each person!

-----
/img/people/noor_ul_owase_jeelani.avif
Noor ul Owase Jeelani -Keynote Speaker
Professor Jeelani is a Kashmiri-British Neurosurgeon, Academic, Entrepreneur and Philanthropist. He works as a Consultant Paediatric Neurosurgeon and Craniofacial Surgeon at Great Ormond Street Hospital and is the Professor of Paediatric
Neurosurgery at University College London, UK. He was the Head of the Neurosurgery Department between 2012-18 and currently Heads the Craniofacial Department at GOSH. He undertakes some 200 surgical cases annually and his clinical areas of
interest are Neuro-Oncology, Craniofacial Reconstructive Surgery and Craniopagus Twin separation.  He has lead the separation of 8 sets of twin separation surgeries for children from the UK, Sudan, Pakistan, Turkey, Israel, Brazil and other
countries and has advised on multiple other sets. His work with Craniopagus twins via his charity Gemini Untwined has featured in over 200 articles in the global mainstream media with one BBC piece becoming the 6th most read article globally,
for 2019.  Prof. Jeelani has won multiple accolades over the past 15 years and was ranked as among the top 100 surgeons in the UK in 2011 and the top 100 paediatric specialists in 2012 by Times Magazine. He was ranked as the world’s top 35
health tech influencers building the metaverse, by Metaverse Insider in 2023. In 2025, he was awarded an MBE by HRH King Charles, for services to Neurosurgery and global child health.  Prof. Jeelani is the Principal Investigator for the
FaceValue Research programme at UCL. He leads on the design and implementation of novel surgical devices and techniques, and surgical prediction modelling using Finite Element and Artificial Intelligence platforms. In 2007 he invented
CranioXpandTM, a surgical distractor system which is now in use across Europe, Asia and North America. His team use augmented reality platforms to facilitate surgical planning, modelling, communication, and teaching.  Prof. Jeelani runs a
global charity Gemini Untwined where he is developing the concept of a Global Health Care System. He has treated patients and trained health care professionals from over 100 countries. He undertakes some 20 keynote public speaking engagements
annually. He has founded two start-ups in digital health focussing on utilising technologies to further predictive medical modelling and improving outcomes.   Underling all the above is his passion for metacognition, thinking about how we
humans think and how we further harness our organic intelligence to work with artificial intelligence, for the improvement of the human condition, globally.
-
/img/people/ashley_simpson.avif
Ashley Simpson
Mr Ashley Simpson is a Consultant Peripheral Nerve Surgeon at the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital, specialising in adult and paediatric brachial plexus and peripheral nerve injuries. His career journey began with an undergraduate degree
in Neuroscience at St John’s College, University of Cambridge.
An early interest in extreme physiology led him to work as a Flight Surgeon Intern at the European Space Agency in Cologne, Germany, before returning to an Academic Foundation
Programme in Orthopaedics. Alongside clinical practice, he is Trustee and Chair of the Clinical Advisory Board at Pain UK, Associate Editor of Shoulder & Elbow, and serves on education committees for BESS, SICOT, and the Global Nerve
Foundation. He is also an international Fellowship Supervisor for nerve injury and surgical leadership.
-
/img/people/vaidya_jayant.avif
Vaidya Jayant
Mr Vaidya Jayant is a Professor of Surgery and Oncology at University College London and a Consultant Breast Surgeon with over 35 years’ experience, having treated more than 3000 breast cancer patients.
An internationally recognised leader in
breast cancer surgery and oncology, he is best known for developing TARGIT intraoperative radiotherapy (IORT), which delivers targeted radiotherapy during lumpectomy and has been used in over 50,000 patients worldwide.
His work was recognised by the NIHR in 2021 as a major UK research breakthrough. He has published over 200 peer-reviewed papers including several challenging dogma in many aspects of surgical oncology. He advises bodies such as NICE, and is a frequent media contributor. His work has directly reshaped global breast cancer treatment pathways, bridging surgical innovation, clinical trials and real-world NHS delivery.
-
/img/people/ioannis_loukopoulos.avif
Ioannis Loukopoulos
Mr Loukopoulos graduated from the Medical School of University of Athens in 1997 and completed his training in general surgery in 2005. He worked 6 years as consultant in general surgery and kidney transplantation in Evangelismos Hospital in
Athens. In 2012 he moved to UK and Guy’s Hospital, where he was appointed as Consultant Transplant Surgeon in 2013.
He is an expert in adult and paediatric kidney transplantation, in pancreas transplantation and in vascular access surgery. His main interests are, paediatric kidney transplantation (he operates on children as small as 10 kg) and robotic surgery for kidney donors and recipients.
He is currently the only surgeon in UK to perform independently robotic donor nephrectomy and robotic kidney transplantation with more than 150 cases completed so far.
-
/img/people/niyati_lobo.avif
Niyati Lobo
Ms Niyati Lobo is a Consultant Urologist and Robotic Surgeon at Cambridge University Hospitals Foundation Trust with a subspecialist interest in bladder cancer. She was awarded a Fulbright Scholarship to pursue a research fellowship at the
University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, Texas. She subsequently completed a Robotic Bladder Cancer Fellowship at Guy’s and St Thomas’ NHS Foundation Trust, gaining experience in robotic pelvic surgery.
She is a member of the International Bladder Cancer Group and Getting It Right First Time bladder cancer panel. and is regularly invited to speak at national and international meetings and is actively involved in research, guideline development and surgical education in bladder cancer.
-
/img/people/peter_gogalniceanu.avif
Peter Gogalniceanu
Mr Peter Gogalniceanu is a consultant transplant surgeon and an expert in healthcare security.
A previous Fullbright Scholar at the Harvard Kennedy School of Government, he works at the nexus of clinical innovation, health systems design, national security and crisis management.
He leads transatlantic collaborations on healthcare security and resilience, specialising in hybrid threat mitigation, continuity of operations, and the protection of critical healthcare infrastructure.
